PMM-9966 [DOC] Documentation suggest wrong method of adding db instan… (#1189)
percona/pmm-doc: docs/setting-up/client/mysql.md

## Add service

There are two ways to install  PMM Client to monitor your Database.

> 1. [By Installing PMM Client locally] - This option collects both database and OS/host metrics, allowing for more effective comparison between the two and better problem identification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [Local installation](#Install-PMM-Client locally): Installs PMM Client directly on the database node, collecting both database and OS/host metrics. This option enables more effective comparison and problem identification.
```

> 2. [As a Remote Instance] - This option should be used when it is not possible to install PMM Client on the Database node. It will not provide OS/Node metrics in PMM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. [Remote instance](#Install-PMM-Client-as-a-remote-instance): Use when local installation isn't possible. This method doesn't provide OS/Node metrics in PMM.
```

> ### By Installing PMM Client locally

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Install PMM Client locally
```

> Add the database server as a service using one of these example commands. If successful, PMM Client will print `MySQL Service added` with the service's ID and name. Use the `--environment` and `-custom-labels` options to set tags for the service to help identify them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the MySQL server as a service using one of the following example commands. Upon successful addition, PMM Client will display "MySQL Service added" along with the service's ID and name. Use --environment and --custom-labels options to set identifying tags for the service.
```
```suggestion
Add the MySQL database server as a service using one of these example commands. If successful, PMM Client will print `MySQL Service added` with the service's ID and name. Use the `--environment` and `-custom-labels` options to set identifying tags for the service.
```

```sh
pmm-admin add mysql --username=pmm --password=<your_password> MYSQL_SERVICE_NAME
```

> ### Examples

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Example configurations
```

pmm-admin add mysql --environment=test --custom-labels='source=slowlog'  --username=root --password=password --query-source=slowlog MySQLSlowLog localhost:3306
```

> ### As a Remote instance 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Install PMM Client as a remote instance
```

> 1. Select <i class="uil uil-cog"></i> *Configuration* → {{icon.inventory}} *Inventory* → {{icon.addinstance}} *Add Service*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select <i class="uil uil-cog"></i> **Configuration > {{icon.inventory}} Inventory >{{icon.addinstance}} Add Service**.
```

> 2. Select *MySQL -- Add a remote instance*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Choose **MySQL > Add a remote instance**.
```

> 3. Enter or select values for the fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Complete the required fields.
```

> 4. Click *Add service*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Click **Add service**.
```

![!](../../_images/PMM_Add_Instance_MySQL.png)

> If your MySQL instance is configured to use TLS, click on the *Use TLS for database connections* check box and fill in your TLS certificates and key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### For MySQL instances using TLS

If your MySQL instance is configured to use TLS: 

1. Click on the **Use TLS for database connections** check box.
2. Fill in your TLS certificates and key.
```
